and so again three girls from our province at the highest national level
level
in the eighties of the last century, swiftness played through the waalstraat
power from the city still in the premier league nowadays he is assistant coach of
real and with that the fourth groningse in emmen
we are not serious
comes from winschoten all have now taken four years through the
left corner then contact
Brussels to vote
looking through
very nice
was a challenge for me to get from his father's people
take it in and go
m
and yes i started the first excellent and actually dependence
first
I'm really enjoying myself
this puts sons hoekstra
our team
because the number during the week
building incidents in winschoten just like others
he really likes that
can still learn a lot here very well from moussavi and
yes I have learned a lot last year and
ah well where are you doing
yes to what extent better for in recent years
and now yes I have developed myself in terms of scoring capacity
because a substantial profit for a short time said tankink 2
sometimes three goals and are classified
5 said it was a whole lot better
this lois abbingh
among others to share a few done
and is our dear lady and the dutch team
and we thought ok
do you know as a soloist lead development workers 20
also the ingredients
we keep
I ask everyone seemed like one during the week in Arnhem
I'm not really there much on Friday alone
9 it is certainly not the only one
morgenstern to moor super mario lenaerts are the Groningen mine
we are incredibly running all three
but a little less but very easy to work as a trainer coach of
the year
in the battle for the past, sometimes a prison sentence of the Netherlands
He has recently joined the Dutch team
so in emmen and surroundings a lot is expected of her yes know
a bit busy with you, of course, that you already play every game
protest and
and also rcc last week played church internationally that you are now on
a piece of policy and the players just switching
yes that is difficult but then I just have to keep doing and
yes I don't think this is complaining anymore
groningen or drugs
we have to wait a few years
nea come from the valley and year i have a much bigger part of my life
now just continue
and you are how falls also to 8 housing schools and yes assisted
just like all corners of the world also sanne hoekstra on weekday evenings
Dutch handball academy
the training center of the talent
how is it different
no thanks together
can that the team can sit and side by side
test yes often has times together within cups of tea that they drink things
and I've got a lot better there and you can easily talk to each other
tell each other things pipes overpower common things
Talking and past experiences we noticed that it is on the field that you meet
know well yes i can never read and
it is over with wrath
just had a really nice time
to do Pekingese
yes i just find in the field and shot trains just go everywhere a lot
build up diving
that the dea
that's just my thing
left was the only one of the four hour enters at the handball academy
but perhaps it is that in the future for other years also two people there
I have to develop it myself, of course
but I wanted to do
the day after the attack
and for that show almere and guts
that claims to be less present yes
so if I have seen you well
28 11 5 90 of all berkelland signals but
yes that money is not always
shout a few times
left or right
and i am very handy there it promises one for children's rights